here i come,i might be on the way... i might be bullshittin too
otw,i might be on the way... i might be bullshittin too
omw,i might be on the way... i might be bullshittin too
in 15 min,give me an hour
almost done,give me an hour
i'll play,i'll play but give me an hour tho
ill play,i will play but i can't guarantee i will be on time
im on your ass,on your ass but i ain't gonna do shit tho honestly
👀,yal trying to play? give me 15 minutes to 8 hours
at work,i'm at work but i wouldn't get on right away anyway
2k anyone,2k anyone
i'm on,my xbox is on
i'm down to play,i'll play but it's going to have to be on my time
i'm home now,i'm home but i still gotta turn my xbox on and sit in front of the tv
i'm headed home,i'll be on after you've waited longer than you should wait
i'm going home,i'll be on after you've waited longer than you should wait
i'm heading home,i'll be on after you've waited longer than you should wait
what i do,i know what i did, i just don't wanna say it
about to get on,getting on but don't expect me right away though
i won't be available till later,don't expect me to play
early morning session,i'll play if i'm awake
what time yal ready,what time will y'all be ready so i can bullshit for a bit
i'll play maybe,yeeaaah i ain't playing
lil later for me,maybe tomorrow
loading up,gonna turn my xbox on in about 15 minutes
any 2k going on tonight,i can't commit to playing but are yal going to play?
any 2k going on today,i can't commit to playing but are yal going to play?
any 2k going on,i can't commit to playing but are yal going to play?
lmbo,laughing my booty off yal lol!
that's 4,when we have 5 let me know in case i'm not at my xbox
afternoon session anybody,i'll play if i'm not eating porkchops
afternoon session,i'll play if i'm not eating porkchops
k,i'm really not paying attention
what time,you know i won't make that time but i'm asking just to look engaged
i'm up,yeah yal ain't trying to play (and neither am i honestly)
samuel,sam is better than me when it comes to everything but eating
sam,sam is better than me when it comes to everything but eating
john,i wish i was as tall as john
og,i wish i was as tall as john
malik,i wish i could grow a beard like malik. he is a true king. king drastic. kd.
drastic,i wish i could grow a beard like malik. he is a true king. king drastic. kd.
jones,jones is my role model
phil,be safe out there in the world phil
stack,i look up to stack i look up to kobe
i'll be on,well... i might be on
malik ain't shit,fuck you malik
yea,uh huh
i'm watching,lol no i'm not watching actually
i'm on already,i'm on but i still won't be the first one to the rec or pro am
lol,lol fuck you
i'm logging on,i'm not actually online, but i intend to turn on my xbox in the next 0-10 minutes